TRICKS.md, before:

System wide queue
-------------------------
You can set the `$TS_SOCKET` variable to the same name path for all your
`ts` processes, and then
they'll use the same socket for intercommunication. This means - single queue.
You should be certain that any `ts` can read/write to that socket, using
`chmod`.


A queue for each resource
-------------------------
You can use `$TS_SOCKET` and aliases/scripts for having different queues for
different resources. For instance, using `bash`:
```
    alias tsdisk='TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket.disk ts'
    alias tsram='TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket.ram ts'
    alias tsnet='TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket.net ts'
```

You can also create shell scripts like this:
```
    << FILE ts2
    #!/bin/sh
    export TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket-ts2.$USER
    ts "$@"
    >> END OF FILE ts2
```

Be notified of a task finished
-------------------------
In X windows, inside bash, after submitting the task, I use:
```
    $ ( ts -w ; xmessage Finished! ) &
```


Killing process groups
-------------------------
`ts` creates a new session for the job, so the pid of the command run can be
used as the process group id for the command and its childs. So, you can use
something like:
``$ kill -- -`ts -p` ``
in order to kill the job started and all its childs. I find it useful when
killing `make`s.


Limiting the number of ts processes
-------------------------
Each queued job remains in the system as a waiting process. On environments
where the number of processes is quite limited, the user can select the amount
of the maximum number of ts server connections to ts clients. That will be
read from the environment variable `TS_MAXCONN` at the server start, and cannot be
set again once the server runs:
```
    $ ts -K     # we assure we will start the server at the next ts call
    $ TS_MAXCONN=5 ts
    Internally there is a maximum of 1000 connexions that cannot be exceeded without
    modifying the source code (server.c).
```

Commit message:

Talk about -Q option where TS_SOCKET is described

TRICKS.md, after:

System wide queue
-------------------------
You can set the `$TS_SOCKET` variable to the same name path for all your
`ts` processes, and then
they'll use the same socket for intercommunication. This means - single queue.
You should be certain that any `ts` can read/write to that socket, using
`chmod`.


A queue for each resource
-------------------------
You can use `$TS_SOCKET` and aliases/scripts for having different queues for
different resources. For instance, using `bash`:
```
    alias tsdisk='TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket.disk ts'
    alias tsram='TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket.ram ts'
    alias tsnet='TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket.net ts'
```
There is also a new `-Q [queue]` option which has the same effect.
If `TS_SOCKET` is provided then it will take precedence.

You can also create shell scripts like this:
```
    << FILE ts2
    #!/bin/sh
    export TS_SOCKET=/tmp/socket-ts2.$USER
    ts "$@"
    >> END OF FILE ts2
```

Be notified of a task finished
-------------------------
In X windows, inside bash, after submitting the task, I use:
```
    $ ( ts -w ; xmessage Finished! ) &
```


Killing process groups
-------------------------
`ts` creates a new session for the job, so the pid of the command run can be
used as the process group id for the command and its childs. So, you can use
something like:
``$ kill -- -`ts -p` ``
in order to kill the job started and all its childs. I find it useful when
killing `make`s.


Limiting the number of ts processes
-------------------------
Each queued job remains in the system as a waiting process. On environments
where the number of processes is quite limited, the user can select the amount
of the maximum number of ts server connections to ts clients. That will be
read from the environment variable `TS_MAXCONN` at the server start, and cannot be
set again once the server runs:
```
    $ ts -K     # we assure we will start the server at the next ts call
    $ TS_MAXCONN=5 ts
    Internally there is a maximum of 1000 connexions that cannot be exceeded without
    modifying the source code (server.c).
```
